All right.
So we have the needed libraries and we should already be able to execute our unit tests using the development
environment.
And before we continue to our next lessons, let's quickly check if two unit does work in this project.
So inside of the test folder, I will select our folder and will do right mouse click choose new in
Java class and I will call this Java class demo test.
I will add a demo test method.
In the following lectures, I will explain in details how to create your new test.
But for now, I will skip explanation and will simply around this one, just to demonstrate that we
have successfully configured to unit test support.
All right, so I will run unit test by clicking on this play button on the left side of my unit test
method.
And at work we have test report and I have green checkmarks indicating that test has passed.
So it looks like the two unit is working in our project.
Now let's try executing.
This test meant that using gradle command in the terminal window to do that, that will click on the
terminal button here at the bottom in my development environment to open terminal window and I will
list files in the current directory to make sure that I am in the project home folder and I should be
able to see the cradle w file and to execute test phase using cradle I will run the following command
dot forward slash and then cradle in w space clean space test.
This will clean the project will remove any leftovers from previous builds and will execute the test
task.
The test task will automatically detect and automatically execute all unit tests.
All right, so I'll hit enter to run it.
And it worked.
They built a successful.
And I have output from my unit test method.
All right.
So it looks like your unit is working and you now know how to add union support to your cradle base
to our project.
And you also know how to use credo to execute union tests.
Let's continue.